# Delimited Generators - Minimal Delimited Control for JS

## Overview

This library implements delimited control operators as a very thin (50
LOC) layer over plain ES6 generators.

It doesn't add any expressive power over plain generators, but I think
it offers a more intuitive API.  Specifically, tasks like waiting for
a promise to settle, spawning a new independent generator, or
implementing a blocking event loop become straightforward.

With a small constant overhead (having to use `function*`, using
`yield*` for every blocking call, and using `next()` to kickstart
generators from an ordinary, non-generator function), one can write
asynchronous JS programs in a quasi-direct style.

## Examples

### link:https://manuel.github.io/delimgen/demo/single-sleeper.html[Single sleeper]

A single generator that runs in an infinite loop.  Each time through
the loop it prints something and then sleeps.  Demonstrates the core
API.

### link:https://manuel.github.io/delimgen/demo/multiple-sleepers.html[Multiple sleepers]

Demonstrates spawning multiple generators with their own independent loops.

### link:https://manuel.github.io/delimgen/demo/balls.html[Balls]

Demonstrates a blocking main event loop, and multiple independent generators.

## API

### `run(generator)`

Spawns a new generator that can use `suspend` and `resume`.

### `suspend(suspension_handler)`

Suspends the currently running generator, and calls the suspension
handler in the place where the generator was originally run.  The
suspension handler receives the suspended generator as its single
argument.

### `resume(generator, resumption_handler)`

Resumes a suspended generator, and calls the resumption handler
without arguments in the place where the generator was previously
suspended.

## Notes

In terms of delimited control, this library implements single-prompt
continuations that can only be resumed once (this is a fundamental
limitation of generators, but personally I haven't needed
multiply-resumable continuations yet).

Multiple prompts could be added quite easily I think, but I haven't
really needed those either, yet.

The API functions `run`, `suspend`, and `resume` roughly correspond to
`push_prompt`, `take_subcont`, and `push_delim_subcont`, respectively,
from Oleg's
link:https://okmij.org/ftp/continuations/implementations.html[caml-shift]
library.
